We've been learning about HTTP verbs and headers and
now it's your turn to send off an HTTP request to a server.
In this exercise, you need to handcraft an HTTP request using either netcat or telnet.
So you need to launch the correct server for your platform,
and then the terminal will display the URL and port you'll need to connect to.
In another terminal, use netcat to connect to the server you just launched.
Once connected, you'll need to send an HTTP request with the following information.
You need to send a UDACITY request,
not a HEAD, GET, or POST request.
You can probably tell that this isn't a real HTTP verb.
But since we created this server,
we set it up to handle this special verb.
In the request, make sure to include the HOST header since this is required in HTTP1.
Include the header X-Udacity-Exercice-Header with some non-empty value.
And finally, add the date header and make sure the value matches this exactly.
Want a quick net get refresher?
The Net command I'm using is NC.
Then it's the server on connecting to and then the port.
With this I'm connecting to Wikipedia on port 443,
so you need to use netcad to connect to the provided server and send this request.
If you do it correctly you'll get a code.
Enter that code here.